Hahaha, Mr. Ye, let me introduce to you
This is Liu Yuan, Mr. Liu's beloved son
Liu Lao's beloved son
Is it Liu Yao from Huahai?
Mr. Liu
Hahaha, Mr. Yuan Ye has also heard of Yang Laojuezi
Rainstorm yesterday
Chengbei Reservoir suddenly collapsed
Under the sudden flood, Jiangwan Village suffered heavy casualties
According to our reporter
This incident is entirely due to the quality of the reservoir
The relevant departments are now tracking down the relevant personnel.
Wandering Love
It turned out to be completely bad because of this
What seems to be the trouble, Mr. Lee?
Hello Liu Shao
I would like to ask
Is it going on in your home recently?
Under the construction of Chengbei Reservoir